[Docs] Add information about the red index (#4778)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/guide_publish_cogs.rst

.. warning::
    Shared libraries are deprecated since version 3.2 and are marked for removal in the future.

Adding to the Index
-------------------

Repositories that are correctly configured can be added to the `public index of cogs <https://index.discord.red/>`_.

> To be added to the index, make a pull request to the `Red-Index repository <https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-Index>`_ in the unnapproved section.

Reviewer: Just "unapproved section" looks a bit confusing at first, so tried to address that. Also fixed a small typo.
```suggestion
To be added to the index, make a pull request to the `Red-Index repository <https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-Index>`_ in the unapproved section. You can learn more about this process in the repository description.
```
